OPCT-270: Added arm64 instructions and multi-arch builds (#93)
redhat-openshift-ecosystem/opct: docs/dev/arch-support.md

# OPCT Devel Guide - Architecture support

> OPCT projects are split into different components, each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPCT projects are split into different components. Each
```

> component has its build process and dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component has its own build process and dependencies.
```

> OPCT is splitted into two main components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OPCT is divided into two main components:
```

- OPCT CLI: client side application to provision the test environment, collect, and generate report.
- Test environment: a group of tools running in server-side, target OpenShift cluster,
  which is limited to architectures supported by OPCT

> The next steps describes how to explore hacking building the components,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next steps will describe how to explore building the components,
```

> we advose to follow this guide only if are looking how to create support of new architectures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we advise that this guide be followed only if support for a new architecture is added,
```

> or are curious to learn how the components are packed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or you are curious to learn how the components are packed.
```

## Client

The client (OPCT CLI) is built in the following platforms:

- linux/amd64
- linux/arm64
- darwin/amd64
- darwin/arm64
- windows/amd64

### Adding support to a new platform

> The OPCT command line interface is built in Go language, to add support to a new OS/architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OPCT command line interface is built in Go language. To add support for a new OS/architecture
```
